IfcDiscreteAccessory Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:41:33.5120880Z (#187)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/r/RelativePosition_06BnzJB6b9zhMKCUAtPkfJ/Documentation.md

> Indication of whether the welded joint lies to the left or the right in the track edge direction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indication of whether the welded joint lies to the left or the right in the track edge direction.
```

> Indication of whether the welded joint lies to the left or the right in the track edge direction.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Indication of whether the equipment lies to the left or the right in the track edge direction.
```
